>> Mike North: Let's look
at our next exercise.
So we're gonna extend upon these
buttons that we've been building, but
what I've given you in this next exercise,
which is called variables.
You're gonna do run-e variables.
After you kill your existing server,
you'll restart it with that command.
You're gonna see that we have A variables
SaaS partial that you will
need to import and then use.
So this should be a pretty quick exercise,
cuz we've been working with buttons for
a while.
And this is sort of building on,
so you should have
something that resembles your solution
to the previous button exercise.
And what we're gonna do is consume
some variables after we input that
underscore variable's partial.
And code passed the tests.
So let's take another 12 minutes for
this, and
we will see you back here when we're done.